{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Stephen Tudor\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Front-end Web Developer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Phone: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel://610-590-4484"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
610-590-4484
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:smt@stephentudor.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
smt@stephentudor.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Blog: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stephentudor.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
stephentudor.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Github: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/smt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
smt
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Twitter: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/tagsoup"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
@tagsoup
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am an experienced front-end developer who has led development for multiple successful $1MM+ projects. I am passionate about building high quality apps and user interfaces with modern web technologies. Through being conversant in server-side engineering, visual/UX design, and project management practices, I am able to execute end-to-end on a product or project.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Specialties\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Authoring great user experiences with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Advocating for the open web. Managing and mentoring dev teams. Performing code reviews. Writing white papers and API documentation. Particating in the black art of software estimation. Drawing from a strong background in many diverse web technologies and frameworks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b UX Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ebayenterprise.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
eBay Enterprise
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i November 2013 - Present}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As a member of the Solution Innovations team, I am creating a RWD pattern library as the system of record and living style guide for the next version of the Magento reference store. I also support sales activities by building and deploying various tools and services, such as a third-party JavaScript app that enables users to annotate any website with content authored in a WordPress blog.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Senior Software Engineer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://epam.com/empathylab"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
EPAM Empathy Lab
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i December 2012 - November 2013}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Championed a more collaborative process for responsive web design between the UX and development disciplines. Curated an internal static web framework and responsive pattern library to be used on multiple projects. Lead development on responsive prototypes for NBC Universal, DIRECTV, AIG, Lionsgate, and the USA Network.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Senior Web Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://empathylab.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Empathy Lab
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i April 2010 - December 2012}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Created front-end web applications on tight deadlines for marquee clientele. Responsible for estimating work, vetting UX designs prior to development, developing key features, assisting team members on challenging sections of code, performing code reviews, and coordinating releases.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Web Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://empathylab.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Empathy Lab
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i April 2009 - April 2010} (1 year 1 month)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Authored standards-based HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for websites representing a broad range of internationally recognized brands: Sesame Street, Sprout, Lexmark, StrideRite, Walgreens, Verizon, Comcast, 21st Century Insurance, Liberty Global, American Red Cross.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b IT Director} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://artisandoorworks.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Artisan Custom Doorworks
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i December 2005 - April 2009} (3 years 5 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Designed the corporate website with a library of over 8,000 searchable PDF docemunts. Developed in-house sales and management application in Rails, while supporting and customizing business systems and applications.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b President} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tudorstudio.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tudor Studio
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i January 2002 - Present}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Providing professional web consulting and development services, from individuals and small businesses to Fortune 500 companies. Designing and developing hosted web applications with open source frameworks like Ruby on Rails. Integrating CMS and eCommerce applications.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills & Expertise\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These are languages, tools, and practices to which I have had exposure over the past 6 years or so. Those things which enjoy routine usage in my daily work are denoted with a {\super \u8224?} symbol.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JavaScript
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://php.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PHP
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ruby-lang.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ruby
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Markup/Templating Languages & Preprocessors\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://coffeescript.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
CoffeeScript
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
CSS
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://linkedin.github.io/dustjs"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Dust.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ERuby"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ERB/eRuby
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://haml.info"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Haml
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://handlebarsjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Handlebars.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developers.whatwg.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
HTML
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jade-lang.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Jade
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javaee/jsp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JSP
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.oracle.com/javaee/5/tutorial/doc/bnakc.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JSTL
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lesscss.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LESS
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://liquidmarkup.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Liquid
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Markdown
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mustache.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Mustache
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sass-lang.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Sass
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://smarty.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Smarty
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://paularmstrong.github.io/swig"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Swig
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://learnboost.github.io/stylus"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Stylus
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Frameworks & APIs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://backbonejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Backbone.js
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bower.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Bower
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://browserify.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Browserify
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://compass-style.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Compass
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.djangoproject.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Django
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://expressjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Express
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jasmine.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Jasmine
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jquery.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
jQuery
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://krakenjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
krakenjs
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lodash.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Lodash
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://meteor.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Meteor
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://middlemanapp.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Middleman
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nodejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Node.js
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://prototypejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Prototype.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://facebook.github.io/react"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
React
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://requirejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Require.js
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rubyonrails.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ruby on Rails
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sinatrarb.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Sinatra
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.twitter.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Twitter API
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://underscorejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Underscore.js
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordpress.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Wordpress
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.yahoo.com/yui"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
YUI
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Software & Tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Adobe Creative Suite
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aws.amazon.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Amazon Web Services
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://apache.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Apache
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Apple XCode
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://demandware.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Demandware
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://git-scm.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Git
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gruntjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Grunt
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gulpjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Gulp
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jboss.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JBoss
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://atlassian.com/software/jira"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JIRA
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://apple.com/macosx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Mac OS X
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://magento.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Magento
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mongodb.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
MongoDB
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mysql.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
MySQL
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wiki.nginx.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Nginx
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.oracle.com/us/products/applications/web-commerce/atg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Oracle ATG
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Pandoc
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://postgresql.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PostgreSQL
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rvm.beginrescueend.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
rvm
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sublimetext.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Sublime Text
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://svn.apache.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Subversion
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tmux.sourceforge.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
tmux
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tomcat.apache.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tomcat
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ubuntu.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ubuntu Linux
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://vagrantup.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Vagrant
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vim.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Vim
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://virtualbox.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
VirtualBox
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jetbrains.com/webstorm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
WebStorm
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://yeoman.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Yeoman
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.zsh.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
zsh
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sju.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Saint Joseph\u8217's University
}}}
, Erivan K. Haub School of Business\line BS, Information Systems, 1996 - 2000\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Honors and Awards\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i Unsung Hero}, Empathy Lab, May 2011\line A peer-awarded honor which I\u8217'll always be terribly proud to have won.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Being a dad and spending time with my family\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Playing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://boardgamegeek.com/user/smtudor"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
board and card games
}}}
 (and video games, too)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Making and listening to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rdio.com/people/smtudor"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
music
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Watching and contributing to Open Source Software\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u169?2014 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s17r.com/resume"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Stephen Tudor
}}}
. All rights reserved. Direct contact only desired (no\u160?recruiters\u160?please).\par}
}
